[Music]
why do people like you a true
personality test a beautiful smile a
fantastic body or a sense of humor that
makes everybody laugh out loud we all
have something that others fall in love
with you might think it's one thing but
when looking at it from someone else's
perspective it could be something
totally different however knowing your
strengths means being able to use it to
the fullest before you find out what
your best asset is click the subscribe
button and give that notification bellow
ring to always stay on the bright side
of life you have ten questions to answer
and ten seconds to pick the option that
sounds most like you don't overthink it
and then you'll get the most accurate
results you'll find out how many points
you get after each question so grab a
pencil and write them all down okay
let's start one the latest issue of your
favorite magazine just came in which
section will you go through first a
style and makeup I always watch out for
the latest trends because I always try
to look my best you know be psychology
and relationship tips keeping my balance
and a better understanding of others is
what concerns me most of all see travel
tips I get inspiration and ideas for new
trips from any source I can get my hands
on D politics and business that's what
really matters to me
[Music]
a 40 points B 10 points
C 20 points D 30 points - how do you
feel about speaking in public
eh I can do it if it's absolutely
necessary like for work or school but it
wouldn't bring me much joy to say the
least
B never will I ever do that
seriously it freaks me out and I forget
everything I had to say see I feel
absolutely amazing about it the more
public attention I get the better d I'll
do it as long as it's a chance to let
the world hear about my cause a 10
points B 30 points C 20 points D 40
points 3 your friends would describe you
as a someone they can rely on 24/7
you're always there to help and you ask
for nothing in exchange thoughtful sweet
caring that's all you be the soul of any
party you make others laugh dance and
feel great
see a social butterfly your incredibly
attractive and enjoy the love and
attention of many people wherever you go
D miss or mr. type a you strive for
perfection in everything you do and
expect the same from others
a 10 points B 20 points C 40 points D 30
points for which of the following annoys
you the most a people who are late be it
a work meeting or a friendly
get-together at a coffee shop it freaks
me out when people are late be loud
shooing and coughing without covering
the mouth see people who are obsessed
with social networks all they talk about
is how many likes they have and you
can't eat or drink anything without
photographing it when you're together D
misspelling or mispronouncing your name
especially when it's right there in the
email you just sent and the responses
address to a messed up version of your
name a 30 points B 40 points C 10 points
D 20 points 5 it's time to paint the
walls in your room which color will you
choose a white or light gray I'm all
about minimalism and I don't like
distractions be purple yellow orange and
red why does it have to be just one
color see I'll go for an optimistic
pattern maybe I'll pick something travel
themed but definitely very stylish d
I'll ask my family first even if it's my
room I want them to feel good about it
too
a 30 points B 20 points C 40 points D 10
points 6 if you were a desert
what would you be a an apple pie a
timeless classic sweet and tasting like
home be a peanut butter cookie something
with a salty surprise twist see a
smoothie healthy and bright D chocolate
ice cream
who doesn't love chocolate ice cream a
10 points B 20 points C 30 points d 40
points 7 are you more of an introvert or
an extrovert a 100% introvert I prefer
to be by myself or surrounded by books
be 100% extrovert I crave the company of
others see mostly an extrovert I love to
be around others but also enjoy a quiet
evening at home d mostly an introvert as
much as I love to be by myself loud
parties are a big part of my life
[Music]
hey 20 points be 40 points see 30 points
D 10 points 8 your friend asks you for
help and says it's an emergency but you
have to finish your own project ASAP
what do you do
hey finish my project first friends are
important but so is my own success
B I can't say no to my friend if they
say it's an emergency
it's got to be really important to them
see I try to do both I'll meet up with
my friend and we'll work together on
fixing our crisis D I'll ask someone
else to help my friend a 40 points B 10
points C 30 points D 20 points 9 you're
eating out and just saw someone really
cute smiling at you what's your reaction
gonna be a approached them I'm
definitely not the shy type B wait for
them to approach me after all I wasn't
the first to smile C smile back and wave
at them D leave that stranger might be
after something terrible
a 20 points be 40 points C 10 points D
30 points 10 what's the most important
thing for you in a relationship a
stability love is forever or it's not
love I want to date someone I can
eventually marry and have kids with be
fun I want someone to make me laugh and
share crazy adventures life is too short
to be bored C public approval and
attention I want everyone else to see
what a great couple we are so I'll share
extensively online about everything
that's going on d growing together not
necessarily growing old but learning
something new from each other and
becoming better versions of ourselves a
10 points B 20 points C 40 points D 30
points okay time to do some math I'll
give you ten seconds for that if you
need more time feel free to pause the
video
[Music]
if you got 100 to 170 points everyone
loves you for your kind nature your
friends know they can rely on you and
that goes without saying but there's
something about you that makes even
strangers feel you're the ones who ask
for directions or help make an urgent
phone call be careful and make sure no
one takes advantage of that if your
final score is between 180 and 250
points each your wit and sense of humor
that make you irresistible boring has
never been part of your vocabulary since
you don't even know what it means
remember about the power of your words
and use them wisely to make new friends
and succeed at whatever you do and keep
that positive attitude of yours did you
score 260 to 320 it must be your wisdom
and skills that everyone appreciates
about you people approach you for advice
and expertise you sound and are indeed
all-knowing it always feels good to talk
to someone that's smart and reasonable
you know finding easy solutions to the
most complicated problems is your thing
if your final score is 330 to 400 points
it's your amazing good looks that make
you so irresistible you invest a good
deal of time and effort in yourself you
know what's in and what's out for this
season most importantly you know what's
good for you
and of course it's not just your
clothing style that makes people like
you but your charming smile which
resulted you get tell us in the comments
below don't forget to give us a like and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
you